[Music]
dear Lord let your Holy Angel be with me
evil foam they have no power
into your hands I commend myself my body
and soul
congratulations on your command will
always be looking for you leaving
even if I'm a thousand miles away Paris
Court - Greyhound you will now be on a
range of air cover for the next five
days safe travels to England
how many crossings disis big this is my
first I got some most likely a u-boat we
gonna kill distress rockets sir
we hits directly on the convoy the wolf
pack's hunters
you've out starter Bell
in 48 hours we've lost 750 souls what
you did yesterday
gotta stick today enough not nearly
enough
[Music]
[Applause]
target's disappeared sir
there they come what are we gonna do
will rain hell down from on high
we're expected to be seen not heard
[Applause]
you're special
[Music]
what is the plan has to find out about
this
Scoob do you realize where we are
no look around man the clean modernist
day the cool-blue color palette
we're in Mikey oh did you say I can't
nope I said welcome Terry
just like you Shaggy and Scooby were
taken yeah this blue light came down
from the sky and beamed them up thank
you agree I have to assume that if they
were with their friends they wouldn't
have been kidnapped okay
can you skip the emotional punishment it
was some guy almost Scooby and Shaggy I
don't know but I'd like to shake the
hand of whoever created this and then
you know throw that hand in prison for
trying to kill our friends
[Applause]
[Music]
this mangy stray is coming with me he's
not a stray okay then what's his name
his name's Scooby middle name doobie
last name do gentlemen welcome aboard
this isn't about some guy in a rubber
mask I would have gotten away with this
and forward for you mentally this is
about one of us
[Music]
turn on the lights
where are my balloons didi when I say
Falcon fury that's supposed to cue the
balloons oh great great timing you might
want to buckle up
[Music]
weirdo beardo maybe this can lead us to
our culprit jinkies apparently he's been
stealing Netflix by using his mother's
account that is not fair for the rest of
us who have to pay for Netflix you have
to pay for Netflix
if you go over a compass up here I guess
our new movie is an origin story that we
hear oh I want the rock to play me I
tell your story it's a story of an
orphan girl he was sent to live in a
mysterious house
if you caused me trouble I'll have you
sent away in an instant you understand
but he discovered something
something magical
something secret but let me start at the
beginning
my name is Mary Lennox and my uncle owns
this house I'm Colin Craven and the
uncle you speak of is my father my
cousins
the last time you used your chair I've
never been able to move where you go
upside them who knows you might feel
better
who are you I'm diggin I need you to
keep a secret I just spat on yourself if
you are too much of a lady there is no
I'm no lady son to know the magical
place came from extraordinary things I'd
say they were life he trusts me you know
what you risk it what's the risk
Thank You keys on our side
once this house was filled with light
laughter happiness
this garden needs to kill :
your excitement could kill him oh it
needs to make his house sobriety
[Music]
it's beautiful
ha
[Music]
Haidee used to be my little buddy go on
nature hikes skip rocks we used to be so
connected hey Dad smile you know you can
experience things a whole lot better
without that game that this is how I
experience it I don't think tomorrow I'm
finally leaving for college but in the
meantime I've made you guys this goodbye
video you know what this is our last
night together how about we make 10
seconds of family high contact starting
with your phone down now no you're
allowed to blink it's just I contact
oh no screens at the table Lynn why are
you kicking me I don't understand I'm
just look I'll watch it dad it's too
late look I want to watch it okay this
is exactly why I'm excited to leave
tomorrow 80 I know you can fix this
[Music]
why do you need all that to take me to
the airport I canceled your plane ticket
to college
we are gonna drive you to school on a
cross-country road trip as a family
behold dad can you check the trunk yeah
sure thank you Katie
the kids are supposed to be some great
Ike's around this is something wrong we
hear a pal bout to drop her biggest
invention yet meet the helper bot we
promise you they will never turn either
mom what is that
greetings humans
[Music]
technology rising up sayonara robots
roaming the streets what is this strange
creature dogs pick dog loaf of bread let
me just have always been weird they come
to wash your hands don't worry I never
do that's what makes us great then we
just might be weird enough to save the
world
[Music]
welcome to American radium you are paid
one cent per diet your work suffers miss
Cavallo the eighth looks like a fat
toddler this month's top painter
Josephine Cavallo
will you help me practice lying feeling
spaces
I'm studying I have to be ready to be
discovered and go to Hollywood I want to
find it to like touch and I'm an
archaeologist
[Music]
Joe will be ready in five minutes Joe
don't come in please Joe I don't know
what's wrong with her I'm dizzy my
joints ache I lost a tooth and two
others are loose do you know what's
wrong with me
absolutely nothing you're healthy as a
horse where do you work
American reading your dial painters we
believe that exposure to radium can
cause devastating tissue damage radium
is good for you everyone knows that what
does this mean for us you take American
radium down there's a doctor that can
test if your bones are radioactive I see
you sound crazy I'm not losing my job
over this I'm scared I'm not going back
in there I'm looking for Bessie and
Josephine Oliver they did a study years
ago they own it own research that's
absurd it's like owning gravity American
radium is denying the harmful effects of
radium all they have to do is run out
the clock they could drag this out for
years if you don't have yours
you'll never win not doing it no matter
what you swear to tell the truth the
whole truth and nothing but the truth
did you everyone put down your brushes
radium is poison Betsy you're
trespassing I won't abandon you they're
trying to silence you they must be
stopped
I am going to make American radium pay
for what they've done
[Music]
we want a little everything about the
man work for the man oh no this isn't
about the father this is about the son
Artemis Fowl
[Applause]
you grown strong son and smarter but I
have her imagine can take me with you
Oh Artie there's just one very important
thing I have to do
[Music]
authorities launched a worldwide manhunt
for the famous collector he is suspected
to have been behind some of the biggest
robberies ever hello value from us
return it to me or I will destroy
everything you love
[Music]
anyone's supposed to see this year
your father is in a complicated
profession for years he is protected
powerful secrets that have kept mankind
safe from the dangers of another world
it's time to face your destiny what they
call great but we are not alone in this
most atoms Miss Italia touch I had Worf
and I'm Hollie short your ally on the
other side
it's real
[Music]
alright save my father save the world
be ready tell them we are just gonna
head on to this I'm scared too daddy
an Army's coming
see
thank you I'm the next criminal
mastermind
is what they call greatness I didn't
read much on trolls anything else to do
cake for the teeth
hey people good to know how are you more
yes
dear God it takes nothing special to mop
up after the decrepit in the time can
you feel that
yep yep to save a soul that's quite
something
bless Amanda's body and bless her mind
which is shrouded in darkness when you
pray you get a response to me it's like
he's physically in me it's how he guides
me he's just there
he's everywhere mod is looking out for
me you see to save my soul if I
understand correctly you must be the
loneliest girl I've ever seen I just
want to see you loosen up I've got more
important things on my mind Lord isn't
real
this is life and death oh yes of course
[Music]
never waste your pain
in this place I mean I heard it was big
but this is geez
you can just drop me off anywhere do I
know you I'm drew Hagel and I'm
Shannon's dad who the hell is that
Jamie's girlfriend oh okay
we love you no matter what
dad does not carry I'm Jamie's mother
nice to meet you
we love Shannon you've done well
[Applause]
so real-estate agent I mean I thought
that was a job for divorced middle-aged
housewives okay I ask you something yeah
you know invest in womv minimums three
hundred hundred thousand yeah nothing
ventured nothing gained right
three affairs in 20 years I don't think
that's so bad and you're so with them
[Music]
now I'm gonna take you home
did you drive drunk last night I don't
know maybe your car get here some
wouldn't drove me back from the party
everybody saw you with him at the party
arguing about his car keys the question
is who's gonna get in trouble for it not
you ahem your investment the fund has
gone down I'm not built for this Quinn
I'm not like you I need that money back
it doesn't work like a game it is to you
it is okay you make that money in a week
clearly Jamie was driving the Wrangler
did you find one away from home what is
here I can't get involved in some kind
of conspiracy what do you want I want my
money
let's see let's see let's see
I can go find the information that will
save yourself
that's where something
a dream I broke up
like I really thought that he was gonna
be the one maybe it's time to take a
break take time alone yeah yeah good to
see here see - I'm in a place where all
I want to do is travel the world and
explore new cultures and that's what
makes you amazing they're great
[Music]
they get all pranks one of my oldest
friends
he's a life and soul of every party he's
so fun got another one
who are you hiding from
[Music]
here's the thing I love Jack but I got
to deal with the fact that now I know
you you're making me all crazy I don't
need to be a wedge in your friendship
it's gonna be all right let me I'll stop
them with you to that night I'm tired of
hurting people
I don't know how to stop
[Music]
you're gonna forget me in a month I my
steward I
[Music]
everything might not be okay but that's
okay who came with you today my cousin
this the most magical sound you'll ever
hear he's not ready to be a mom where
else could you go don't worry in
Pennsylvania I think you should try
another place
[Music]
[Applause]
gentle
halfway through this leg
[Music]
was it
could you just wish your dude all the
time
[Music]
you ready
welcome to London
[Music]
remember we got each other's backs I've
got yours you've got mine
[Music]
hey are you from dynasty your boys bunny
my boys were you talking about you know
what private we always have each other's
back
all I know is if you're from get all
you're one of them why are you letting
your brother brainwash you
[Music]
and I swear on my life I'm gonna stop
into your death
[Music]
trying to justify but I'm gonna show you
what these young BAE the fanciful
if someone were to say to you and why
what happened all those years ago had to
have happened to you
how would you respond because it was
necessary and do you have any regrets I
haven't done enough to please my mother
which mother every time I read the name
of one of our boys who lost his life I
have great admiration for them they
defend our progressive ideas that will
free our country from religious
superstitions who are you
I come from heaven who are you talking
to
what do you want from us for the goob
I can fear now it is a symptom aching
lies up is to mama us as real as you are
why would the mother of God choose you
what's so special about you
it could have been the devil your friend
disguises himself
I've come for the seers see what you've
done it deceived everyone I have to go I
promise the lady I would go back
but harmed and three little children
possibly do what is dangerous is what
they represent a huge crowd people need
to stop them we came to see our children
well is this going to end
all you need to say now is I made
everything down so sorry you can't see
her
faith begins at the edges of
understanding
[Music]